Annihilus onside good break by Tony
naile in the area fire go yes Martin
foil has got it eret award well that's a
great war by childhood gut freezing down
the left hand side cubbies got space to
deliver the quality ball if he can he's
running the ball dead worthy onto his
right foot checks on to his left is
Kenton brilliant play by Guffey drifted
in Chad Martin finally sent failing to
ecstasy it feels like the 22nd of
January that's so cold here at the
Victoria ground but the
that was really the best for the match
so far in the game a tremendous profit
for the far post over and get a on the
corner it's probably dangerous but he's
gonna kill that some of his life thought
I'd see what could happen from this one
we've done have too much doing from
corner so far the match ball bail let's
see what they can do here though Steve
don't be swinging this work towards ago
with a left hook
- the area runs for a chanting poured
vial three kneel in front and it's
Martin foil drill it in Andy Porter
Martin porch answer shoot what do you
say about that we're sleeping at the
fullback comes across hits it long jowl
and back stick back across goal chance
here body boil go the man that's rammed
it in the net to put poured vial portal
in front
Martin foil chips into the area Marty
foil six now Patrick for marking foil
for control by late love a good place
they've got they running running at the
ball six comes across good plight
plastic strike the lawn in the area
chance Burke
he's got pranks but he's got to play
smarter than me I was just superb stop
and turn a waterfall meant escape me
bollocks pastor tell me nailin is the
potato chocolate ready sir
he took the bull a plane snapped on it
controlled it was it didn't feel good
you see the replay in a MIDI but that's
clearly not to get in this sort of glory
for male feet could be more that vehicle
days undeserving
the defender gotta touch on that
Sandeman going good ball by jingle of a
white a Bradley Sun the moon made the
run to Porter Porter flicks it wide
glanced on for watching you won't see a
better go then that's absolute classic
play from a set piece
Dean Glover why to send him inflicted
infield Porter headed it on and from the
penalty spot
Martin foil with a half volley made it
shorter New Port Vale one header the
cross cross checks chips it down the
right-hand side on the run Robin van der
Laan as well pulled it back in the area
portage out there
shoots too many tone the watch you're
marking boy let's put port bow in front
neck equipped wise you thought
waited ten card Tang card on the left
tragic forty inside of a ghost wide
Martin foil holds the ball up back to
Intel a good play good one too marking
for 35 minutes on the watch and what a
great goal right now about the Anil
broadville to the score I'm marching for
sandeman down the line
Jeffers gets it forward in the channel
David Lowe slips past easily first
Monday into the area
why Jansen emoji for absolute mayhem ear
as poured by Oh make it 3-1 at a Gosling
loud